# ArtemisMoonlight
### Server and Web Scripting

This website was created as part of the Server and Web Scripting module of my Applied Computing HND with Staffordshire University. The website was created for the use of people within the Artemis Moonlight Free Company (FC), free companies being a guild of such in Final Fantasy XIV, an MMORPG. The website has a landing page which describes the free company and what they did. A roster was included by using an existing API and a PHP script to display all the characters. The API used the free company ID on the Lodestone, an official website for Final Fantasy XIV. At the time the FC was assembling a raid group to tackle the most difficult content in the game. Users could see who was in which raid group and what job they played. A basic forum was created using Google Groups and placed inside an iframe on one of the pages. Users however required a Google account to participate in discussions. Finally a working contact form was implemented and users could contact myself with ideas and opinions about the site and ask to be added onto the raid team roster.

Inside of the folder called "Test" is a test version of the website with MYSql database functionality using PHP. The database long since gone stored user data such as user names and passwords. Passwords were hashed before being inserted into the database. A primitive forums was also implemented where users could submit questions and discussions. Tags could also be added. This section of the website was never viewable to the public as I never believed it was good enough to be used in a public space.

Being one of my first projects as part of the HND, I am borrowing a few pieces of code for another project as part of my BSc. Looking back, the code is sloppy and the concepts are naive. Rather than each post having it's own page, all posts are presented in a list on the front page. All comments are stored in an accordion underneath each post. The website clearly was not created with the future in mind. It would never be stable if the website had hundreds of users and thousands of posts. I have taken what I have learned back in 2015 and refined into something better, having a better grasp on user interface and user experience and my knowledge of PHP has allowed me to do things I could never implement into this site.
